Waiter pays
Hello, sir.
Thank you for dining at our Genting Xianzhu
Here's your bill for the barbecue
Hey wait
Why haven't I seen the pattern of this card?
This is a black chicken restaurant.
Exclusive cards issued to agents around the world
One page at a time, take it at will
As expected of the power all over the world
One billion per agent
How much does that add up to?
It is indeed the largest organization in the world
After this incident
You can see the strength
But you don't need to invite today.
What time in the afternoon did you not say that your status is noble?
Even this unparalleled aging wine has a dark fragrance?
Can you treat us to a meal? No problem?
Since we haven't seen each other for a long time
This meal is on me
Just treat it as a pick-up for Gu Qing. Gu Yuan, don't move.
I'm asking Xiao Wuji to please
Why won't you be with Mu Yan after
You don't bring money when you go out, right?
A meal?
Of course I can afford it.
Don't be a fake card
I have to check it out
Otherwise, wait a minute, there will be more than one shame